w-13808887-rtf-july-general-kt (#1080)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade-openshift.adoc

Red Hat OpenShift console allows you to run upgrades automatically (default) or manually. You can change this setting in the *Subscription* tab in the Runtime Fabric Operator. 

[Note]

> Starting Runtime Fabric agent version 2.4.0 for any new Mule app deployment, you must use a runtime image built after or on Aug 8, 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Runtime Fabric agent version 2.4.0, for any new Mule app deployment, you must use a Mule runtime image built on Aug 8, 2023, or later.
```
